Added captureScreenshot  #5938 (#8407)
CesiumGS/cesium: CHANGES.md

Change Log
==========

### 1.64 - 2019-12-01

##### Additions :tada:

> * Added captureScreenshot and Viewer.captureScreenshot.  Returns a dataURI for a PNG image of the scene. [#5938]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `captureScreenshot` and `Viewer.captureScreenshot`.  Returns a data URI for a PNG image of the scene. [#5938](https://github.com/AnalyticalGraphicsInc/cesium/issues/5938)
```

We usually use code markdown as well as link to the fixed issue.
